---
title: "How To Change Blogger Static Page URL Permalink"
excerpt: "To change Blogger static page URL for your blogger blog page. This blogger static page URL permalink changes SEO. Chance the static page URL"
date: "2023-05-15"
author:
  name: "Joe Calih"
  avatar: "/authors/08.jpg"
  description: "John is a seasoned web developer with 10 years of experience in React and Next.js."
category: "Blogger"
image: "/facebook.jpeg"
views: 5432
---


Static page URL permalinks are generated by the blogger platform if you don’t know about this trick. How to change Blogger static page URL permalink depends on how you started overwriting your page. If you start the wrong way then the blogger chooses the permalink URL that it thinks your page will need. By so doing, the pages lack SEO optimization since they may have numbers and nonrelated words.  
Sometimes back bloggers used to have commands that allow the customization of the static page URL Permalink but as of now, it doesn’t. For such a reason, I have the best tutorial on how to change a blogger static page URL Permalink. The blogger tutorial needs some simple blogger tricks.

Just like [blogger post](https://semdeals.com/related-posts-widgets-for-blogger/) pages, the static pages also take the title to be their static page URL but not all the time. When I made my first static pages such as contact and about, I made the mistake that I didn’t want you to follow and later delete the page. How to change the blogger page URL permalink is child’s play. You want to know why I said so. Then without wasting time let’s get to the tutorial.

### How To Change Blogger Static Page URL

The static page URL is custom-generated by the blog-spot platform from your topic. The whole tutorial on how to change static page URL is based on the title of the blogger static page you are writing about.

**Step 1. Log in to Blogger and choose your specific website to add the new URL** to.  
Step 2. Click on Pages -Do not click on New Page (first follow the below-highlighted instructions, then proceed to this second step).  
Step 3. Minimize the browser and go to your desktop. Right-click on the desktop- New -Text Document (or create a new document on your desktop).  
Step 4. In the document, write the text separated by the space that you want to use as a permalink.  
Step 5. (Read all text in this step, then do) Now, click on a new page (as in step 2) and paste the text on the title, and the content field immediately. Make sure you have pasted the code before auto-save function activation otherwise, it would not work.  
Step 6. Once you proceed with the above step successfully, you will get your custom permalink for your static page. Now, delete the title, write the main title you want, write the content that you want to write, and publish it. That’s it.  
Step 7. Click on Save and Say Welcome SEO.

NB :  
The most important part of the tutorial on how to change the blogger page URL (static page) is to not wait for the blogger to save the empty page since it will assign its numbers and words to the blogger static page URL permalink.  
Always save your title somewhere so you can load it faster before the blogger saves the empty page.

### How To Change Blogger Static Page URL Letter (P) Between Page URL

Sometimes you may need to eliminate the p in the URL of your website and that’s so hard to make but now it’s easy to change the blogger static page URL p function by using the redirect method. All you have to do is assign some widgets to the static page URL you want to change.  
A good example.

> If You have a contact page which is like www.semdeals.com/p/contact-us then you can now redirect it to www.semdeals.com/contact-us like used in WordPress.

Thanks for following my tutorial. Till next time, continue enjoying my content.